feat: Add Parse Flutter SDK documentation (#928)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/flutter/files.md

# Files

> There are three different file classes in this SDK:
> - `ParseFileBase` is and abstract class and is the foundation of every file class that can be handled by this SDK.
> - `ParseFile` (former the only file class in the SDK) extends ParseFileBase and is by default used as the file class on every platform but web.
>   This class uses a `File` from `dart:io` for storing the raw file.
> - `ParseWebFile` is the equivalent to ParseFile used at Flutter Web.
>   This class uses an `Uint8List` for storing the raw file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three different file classes in this SDK:

- `ParseFileBase` is an abstract class and is the foundation of every file class that can be handled by the SDK.
- `ParseFile` extends `ParseFileBase` and is by default used as the file class on every platform but web. This class uses a `File` from `dart:io` for storing the raw file. The class was formerly the only file class in the SDK.
- `ParseWebFile` is the equivalent of `ParseFile` used for Flutter Web. This class uses a `Uint8List` for storing the raw file data.
```

- Keep each item in 1 line, no need for new lines. The markdown renderer will format that automatically and add line breaks.
- Add empty line before list in markdown syntax.

> These classes are used by default to represent files, but you can also build your own class extending ParseFileBase and provide a custom `ParseFileConstructor` similar to the `SubClasses`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classes above are used by default to represent files, but you can also build your own class extending `ParseFileBase` and provide a custom `ParseFileConstructor` similar to the `SubClasses`.
```

- Clear reference, if referring to a list above indicate that by "the classes above" or similar, if referring to a list below use "the following classes" or "these classes ... :" with a colon at the end.
- Is `SubClasses` or `SubClass` an actual class that the developer can use? Or is that just an SDK-internal class. If it's an internal class, then write "...similar to subclasses." If `SubClass` exists but `SubClasses` does not, then write "similar to a `SubClass`".

Have a look at the example application for a small (non web) example.

> When uploading or downloading a file, you can use the `progressCallback`-parameter to track the progress of the http request.
> ```dart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When uploading or downloading a file, you can use the `progressCallback` parameter to track the progress of the HTTP request.

The following is an example for showing an image from a `ParseFileBase`:

```dart
```

> //A short example for showing an image from a ParseFileBase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This code block annotation is not needed, the code block is already annotated by the surrounding documentation. To describe the code block, write the description as part of the docs.

# Files

> There are three different file classes in this SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

There are three different file classes in this SDK:
```

- `ParseWebFile` is the equivalent of `ParseFile` used for Flutter Web. This class uses a `Uint8List` for storing the raw file data.

The classes above are used by default to represent files, but you can also build your own class extending `ParseFileBase` and provide a custom `ParseFileConstructor` similar to the `SubClasses`.

Have a look at the example application for a small (non web) example.

When uploading or downloading a file, you can use the `progressCallback` parameter to track the progress of the HTTP request.

The following is an example for showing an image from a `ParseFileBase`:

```dart
Widget buildImage(ParseFileBase image){
  return FutureBuilder<ParseFileBase>(
    future: image.download(),
    builder: (BuildContext context,
    AsyncSnapshot<ParseFileBase> snapshot) {
      if (snapshot.hasData) {
        if (kIsWeb) {
          return Image.memory((snapshot.data as ParseWebFile).file);
        } else {
          return Image.file((snapshot.data as ParseFile).file);
        }
      } else {
        return CircularProgressIndicator();
      }
    },
  );
}
```

> A short example for storing a selected picture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A short example for storing a selected image:
```

```dart

> // libraries: image_picker (https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker), image_picker_for_web (https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker_for_web)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Libraries: image_picker (https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker), image_picker_for_web (https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker_for_web)
```

PickedFile pickedFile = await ImagePicker().getImage(source: ImageSource.gallery);

ParseFileBase parseFile;

> if (kIsWeb) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion

if (kIsWeb) {
```

>   // Seems weird, but this lets you get the data from the selected file as an Uint8List very easily. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Get data from selected file as an Uint8List
```

  ParseWebFile file = ParseWebFile(null, name: null, url: pickedFile.path);
  await file.download();
  parseFile = ParseWebFile(file.file, name: file.name);
} else {
  parseFile = ParseFile(File(pickedFile.path));
}

someParseObject.set("image", parseFile);

> // This saves the ParseObject as well as all of its children, and the ParseFileBase is such a child. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Save ParseObject and its children like the ParseFileBase
```

await someParseObject.save();
```

> ```dart
> // progressCallback example
> file.upload(progressCallback: (int count, int total) => print("$count of $total"));
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Example for using the progress callback:

```dart
file.upload(progressCallback: (int count, int total) => print("$count of $total"));
```
````
